PEP 1 and 12: Document Topic header (#2995)
python/peps: pep-0001.txt

The Type header specifies the type of PEP: Standards Track,
Informational, or Process.

> The optional Topic header specifies which topic, if any, the PEP belongs in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional Topic header lists which special topic(s),
if any, the PEP belongs under.
```

* PEPs can (and very occasionally do) list multiple topics
* Clarify these are _special_ topics, rather than something more general (at least, right now)
* "Belongs under" in this context, not "belongs in"

Author: Thanks, I used this but used "topics" instead of the slightly unsightly "topic(s)"

Reviewer: Yeah, I figured you might not be so fond of that—in that event, given it's such a rare case, I actually think we're better off with the original then. I'll submit another suggestion.

> See https://peps.python.org/topic/ for the existing topics.

Reviewer 2: I don't see `Governance` at this URL.  I might also suggest `peps.python.org/topics` redirect to `/topic` (or vice versa).

Reviewer: Yeah, I make this mistake all the time. This can be added in the Fastly config here: https://github.com/python/peps/blob/main/infra/main.tf

Author: Like this?

```tf
  snippet {
    name    = "topics"
    type    = "recv"
    content = <<-EOT
        if (req.url == "/topics") {
          set req.url = "/topic/";
        }
    EOT
  }
```

Do we also need something for "topics/" ?

Reviewer: I was about to mention that. If my understanding of the syntax is correct from looking at some of the others, you can do something like ``req.url ~ "^/topics/?$"`` instead to handle that.

> See https://peps.python.org/topic/ for the existing topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`topic-index` for the existing topics.
```

Use a proper (and named) ref target here, rather than a hardcoded external URL (you'll need to add a ref target label to the topic index page, i.e.:

```rst
.. _topic-index:

Topic Index
***********
```

(You could also use `:doc:` without that, but `:ref:` is preferred as it works regardless of the location of the source or destination file, and won't break if we ever move either).

Author: Thanks, done with `:ref:`
